import of the vmware_rest documentation (#72090)
ansible/ansible: docs/docsite/rst/scenario_guides/vmware_rest_scenarios/authentication.rst

.. _vmware_rest_authentication:

*******************************************
How to configure the vmware_rest collection
*******************************************

> .. contents:: Topics

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. contents::
  :local:

```

Introduction
============

> The vcenter_rest modules need to be authenticated. There is two different

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The vcenter_rest modules need to be authenticated. There are two different
```

> The vcenter_rest modules need to be authenticated. There is two different

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The vcenter_rest modules need to be authenticated. There are two different ways to do this.
```

> ways to do this.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer: This seems like an odd edit, but it helps with translation to have complete sentences in one line.

Environment variables
=====================

.. note::

>     This solution will only work fine if you call the modules from the local machine.

Reviewer 2: I think we might want to say 'the control node' rather than local machine, but I didn't see anything addressing that in the docs style guide so I'll defer to the docs team on that.

>     This solution will only work fine if you call the modules from the local machine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    This solution requires that you call the modules from the local machine.
```

> You need to export some environment variables in your shell before you call

Reviewer 2: I think this sentence got cut off.  Should it maybe be something like, "before you run your playbook"?

Author: Yes indeed.

> You need to export some environment variables in your shell before you call

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You need to export some environment variables in your shell before you call the modules.
```

.. code-block:: shell

    $ export VMWARE_HOST=vcenter.test
    $ export VMWARE_USER=myvcenter-user
    $ export VMWARE_password=mypassword
    $ ansible-playbook my-playbook.yaml

Module parameters
=================

All the vcenter_rest modules accept the following arguments:

- ``vcenter_host``
- ``vcenter_username``
- ``vcenter_password``

> Ignore SSL certificat error

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Ignore SSL certificate error
```

> Ignore SSL certificat error

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ignore SSL certificate error
```

> ===========================

Reviewer: ```suggestion
============================
```
